A new criminal had arrived at the prison entrance. His shirt was ragged and torn; he had gashes on his arms and legs; his hair was unkempt and he hung his head low, wrists cuffed. With a yank, my colleague like a dog led him to me. As a prison warden, I had to face prisoners regularly and I was already used to it by now. However, my heart still aches whenever I have to witness someone in such a state. My colleague handed the prisoner’s ‘leash’ to me to bring this prisoner to his designated cell. Two prison guards were commanded to tail behind us in case this criminal resorted to violence. Just then, the prisoner lifted his head slightly. Our eyes met. I was stunned. Isn’t he the tough guy who used to bully and taunt me back in our school days? The same angry shots his eyes gave, the same ruffled hair dyed red, and I instantly realised that his facial features had not changed much either the closer I looked. He scrutinised my face simultaneously and I had an uneasy feeling that he could recognise me too. The anger in his eyes turned to mischief.

Then, he burst into laughter, saying, "Oh what do we have here? I see your aspirations of becoming an astronaut has come true, huh?" Then, he burst into another round of laughter. I rolled my eyes and mocked him,"And what have you become, a professional weightlifter?" "Oh", he said, "I got tired of lifting weights, so I decided to lift shops and I recently lifted that 12 carat diamond next door, I doubt you could even touch that." I laughed and my mind wandered off to a better time, both for me and for him. The memories of all the wacky moments we had in class, the way he always helped me in math (which predicted the reason I could not be an astronaut, apparently, because "math is important", and that time we executed the great "heist" of Dunman. Then, my chief prodded me in my chest, waking me from the good signs. I saluted to the chief and marched the prisoner, all the while gripping his 'leash'.

We solemnly marched along. We walked the silent corridor. Despite the convicts in their cells lining the walkway, it was only me, a prison warden, and a repeated offender. In fact, in my eyes, he wasn't a criminal. I still saw him as that cheeky, big-eyed boy. The one who caught the attention of almost every girl wherever he went. However, after the revelation of his true character, he would be infamous to all. At least that was what I thought. Ultimately, no one would want to spend much of her life with someone who was so notorious and uncivilised. Or did I actually believe he would change? Ever since the heist, the first and last we ever had together, I have been seriously reconsidering my feelings. No, I did not spare thoughts on him, because it was such a waste of time to have hopes for someone who was of such terrible influence. Well, I did get into some serious trouble for being the aquaintance. And I have since then vowed to turn over a new leaf. Yet, I could never forget how he had so confidently winked at me with those round, sparkly eyes, reminding me of a little puppy begging for a pat. He had, after all, helped me out with a heavy load of punishment off my back, but in turn earning himself 5 more strokes of the cane. Surely that was something I owed him? He would take many more canings for me, so should I be as willing for such sacrifices? I feel indebted to him, no matter how I have tried to convince myself that we were no longer of relation whatsoever.

Yes, we were only a prison warden marching a convict... But it was unfair to label him a convict wasn't it, considering how other rapists and murderers were let off with a sentence more bearable than that of lifelong imprisonment? Surely I could give up my occupation if it meant paying up my lifely indebtedness to him?

This was it. I took his hand and squeezed it hard. He turned and stared me cold and hard into my eyes. It turned into the mischief I missed so much. I think he gets it. I think he likes it. I think he knows a plan.
